VS 17 compatable SDKs (#12336)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/includes/net-core-prereqs-vs-2.2.md

* [Visual Studio 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) with the **ASP.NET and web development** workload
* [.NET Core SDK 2.2 or later](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/all)

> [!WARNING]

> > Visual Studio 2017 must target .NET Core SDK 2.2.1nn. Use the **Compatible with Visual Studio 2017** download button on the .NET Core SDK download page. See the GitHub issue [.NET Core SDK 2.2.2nn and 2.1.6nn do not work with Visual Studio 2017](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/issues/3124) to resolve problems with Visual Studio 2017 and the .NET Core SDK.

Reviewer: You could simplify this -- 

> If you use Visual Studio 2017, see [link to issue] for information about .NET Core SDK versions that don't work with Visual Studio.

If you include the ".1nn" notation it would be a good idea to include examples, e.g. ".200".  Or ".1x" might work.

> > Visual Studio 2017 must target .NET Core SDK 2.2.1nn. Use the **Compatible with Visual Studio 2017** download button on the .NET Core SDK download page. See the GitHub issue [.NET Core SDK 2.2.2nn and 2.1.6nn do not work with Visual Studio 2017](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/issues/3124) to resolve problems with Visual Studio 2017 and the .NET Core SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you use Visual Studio 2017, see [dotnet/sdk issue #3124](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/issues/3124) for information about .NET Core SDK versions that don't work with Visual Studio.
```
